{"en":"Small boats loaded with wares sped to the great liner as she was entering the harbour. ^ ","ch":"当一艘大型班船进港的时候， 许多小船载着各种杂货快速向客轮驶来。  "}
{"en":"Before she had anchored,  the men from the boats had climbed on board^ ","ch":"大船还未下锚。 小船上的人就纷纷爬上客轮。  "}
{"en":"and the decks were soon covered with colourful rugs from Persia,  silks from India,  copper coffee pots,  and beautiful handmade silverware. ^ ","ch":"一会儿工夫， 甲板上就摆满了色彩斑斓的波斯地毯。 印度丝绸。 铜咖啡壶以及手工制作的漂亮的银器。  "}
{"en":"Many of the tourists on board had begun bargaining with the tradesmen, ^ ","ch":"船上的许多游客开始同商贩讨价还价起来，  "}
{"en":"but I decide not to buy anything until I had disembarked. ^ ","ch":"但我打定主意上岸之前什么也不买。  "}
{"en":"I had no sooner got off the ship than I was assailed by a man who wanted to sell me a diamond ring. ^ ","ch":"我刚下船， 就被一个人截住， 他向我兜售一枚钻石戒指。  "}
{"en":"I had no intention of buying one,  but I could not conceal the fact that I was impressed by the size of the diamonds. ^ ","ch":"我根本不想买， 但我不能掩饰这样一个事实：其钻石之大给我留下了深刻的印象。  "}
{"en":"The man went to great lengths to prove that the diamonds were real. ^ ","ch":"那人竭力想证明那钻石是真货。  "}
{"en":"As we were walking past a shop,  he held a diamond firmly against the window and made a deep impression in the glass. ^ ","ch":"我们路过一家商店时， 他将一颗钻石使劲地往橱窗上一按， 在玻璃上留下一道深痕。  "}
{"en":"It took me over half an hour to get rid of him. ^ ","ch":"我花了半个多小时才摆脱了他的纠缠。  "}
{"en":"The next man to approach me was selling expensive pens and watches. ^ ","ch":"向我兜售的第二个人是卖名贵钢笔和手表的。  "}
{"en":"At the base of the gold cap,  the words 'made in the U. S. A' had been neatly inscribed. ^ ","ch":"金笔帽下方整齐地刻有“美国制造”字样。  "}
{"en":"The man said that the pen was worth $50,  but as a special favour,  he would let me have it for $30. ^ ","ch":"那人说那支笔值50英镑， 作为特别优惠， 他愿意让我出30英镑成交。  "}
{"en":"I shook my head and held up five fingers indicating that I was willing to pay $5. ^ ","ch":"我摇摇头， 伸出5根手指表示我只愿出5镑钱。  "}
{"en":"Gesticulating wildly,  the man acted as if he found my offer outrageous,  but he eventually reduced the price to $10. ^ ","ch":"那人激动地打着手势， 仿佛我的出价使他不能容忍。 但他终于把价钱降到了10英镑。  "}
{"en":"Shrugging my shoulders,  I began to walk away when,  a moment later,  he ran after me and thrust the pen into my hands. ^ ","ch":"我耸耸肩膀掉头走开了。 一会儿， 他突然从后追了上来， 把笔塞到我手里。  "}
{"en":"Though he kept throwing up his arms in despair,  he readily accepted the $5 I give him. ^ ","ch":"虽然他绝望地举起双手， 但他毫不迟疑地收下了我付给他的5镑钱。  "}
{"en":"I felt especially pleased with my wonderful bargain -- until I got back to the ship. ^ ","ch":"在回到船上之前， 我一直为我的绝妙的讨价还价而洋洋得意。  "}
{"en":"No matter how hard I tried,  it was impossible to fill this beautiful pen with ink and to this day it has never written a single world! ^ ","ch":"然而不管我如何摆弄， 那枝漂亮的钢笔就是吸不进墨水来。 直到今天， 那枝笔连一个字也没写过！  "}